Generalize sentence to not include number of options (Provisioning) (#1908)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_using-pxe-to-provision-hosts.adoc

[id="Using_PXE_to_Provision_Hosts_{context}"]
= Using PXE to Provision Hosts

> There are the following main ways to provision bare metal instances with {ProjectName}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provision bare metal instances with {Project} using one of the following methods:
```
